# Question #41
According to Information Security Policy, changes to the contents of objects inside production Amazon S3 bucket that contain encrypted secrets should only be made by a trusted group of administrators.
How should a DevOps Engineer create real-time, automated checks to meet this requirement?

A. Create an AWS Lambda function that is triggered by Amazon S3 data events for object changes and that also checks the IAM user's membership in an administrator's IAM role.
B. Create a periodic AWS Config rule to query Amazon S3 Logs for changes and to check the IAM user's membership in an administrator's IAM role.
C. Create a metrics filter for Amazon CloudWatch logs to check for Amazon S3 bucket-level permission changes and to check the IAM user's membership in an administrator's IAM role.
D. Create a periodic AWS Config rule to query AWS CloudTrail logs for changes to the Amazon S3 bucket-level permissions and to check the IAM user's membership in an administrator's IAM role.

Ans: A

# Question #42
A business has an application that consists of five independent AWS Lambda functions.
The DevOps Engineer has built a CI/CD pipeline using AWS CodePipeline and AWS CodeBuild that builds, tests, packages, and deploys each Lambda function in sequence. The pipeline uses an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to ensure the pipeline execution starts as quickly as possible after a change is made to the application source code.
After working with the pipeline for a few months, the DevOps Engineer has noticed the pipeline takes too long to complete.
What should the DevOps Engineer implement to BEST improve the speed of the pipeline?

A. Modify the CodeBuild projects within the pipeline to use a compute type with more available network throughput.
B. Create a custom CodeBuild execution environment that includes a symmetric multiprocessing configuration to run the builds in parallel.
C. Modify the CodePipeline configuration to execute actions for each Lambda function in parallel by specifying the same runOrder.
D. Modify each CodeBuild project to run within a VPC and use dedicated instances to increase throughput.

Ans: C. Ref runOrder document

# Question #43
A company uses a complex system that consists of networking, IAM policies, and multiple three-tier applications. Requirements are still being defined for a new system, so the number of AWS components present in the final design is not known. The DevOps Engineer needs to begin defining AWS resources using AWS
CloudFormation to automate and version-control the new infrastructure.
What is the best practice for using CloudFormation to create new environments?

A. Manually construct the networking layer using Amazon VPC and then define all other resources using CloudFormation.
B. Create a single template to encompass all resources that are required for the system so there is only one template to version-control.
C. Create multiple separate templates for each logical part of the system, use cross-stack references in CloudFormation, and maintain several templates in version control.
D. Create many separate templates for each logical part of the system, and provide the outputs from one to the next using an Amazon EC2 instance running SDK for granular control.
Ans: C

# Question #44
A DevOps Engineer is deploying a new web application. The company chooses AWS Elastic Beanstalk for deploying and managing the web application, and
Amazon RDS MySQL to handle persistent data. The company requires that new deployments have minimal impact if they fail. The application resources must be at full capacity during deployment, and rolling back a deployment must also be possible.
Which deployment sequence will meet these requirements?

A. Deploy the application using Elastic Beanstalk and connect to an external RDS MySQL instance using Elastic Beanstalk environment properties. Use Elastic Beanstalk features for a blue/green deployment to deploy the new release to a separate environment, and then swap the CNAME in the two environments to redirect traffic to the new version.
B. Deploy the application using Elastic Beanstalk, and include RDS MySQL as part of the environment. Use default Elastic Beanstalk behavior to deploy changes to the application, and let rolling updates deploy changes to the application.
C. Deploy the application using Elastic Beanstalk, and include RDS MySQL as part of the environment. Use Elastic Beanstalk immutable updates for application deployments.
D. Deploy the application using Elastic Beanstalk, and connect to an external RDS MySQL instance using Elastic Beanstalk environment properties. Use Elastic Beanstalk immutable updates for application deployments.

Ans: A
