# Question #45
Am Amazon EC2 instance with no internet access is running in a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and needs to download an object from a restricted Amazon S3 bucket. When the DevOps Engineer tries to gain access to the object, an AccessDenied error is received.
What are the possible causes for this error? (Select THREE.)

A. The S3 bucket default encryption is enabled.
B. There is an error in the S3 bucket policy.
C. There is an error in the VPC endpoint policy.
D. The object has been moved to Amazon Glacier.
E. There is an error in the IAM role configuration.
F. S3 versioning is enabled.

Ans: BCE

# Question #46
An application has microservices spread across different AWS accounts and is integrated with an on-premises legacy system for some of its functionality.
Because of the segmented architecture and missing logs, every time the application experiences issues, it is taking too long to gather the logs to identify the issues. A DevOps Engineer must fix the log aggregation process and provide a way to centrally analyze the logs.
Which is the MOST efficient and cost-effective solution?

A. Collect system logs and application logs by using the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent. Use the Amazon S3 API to export on-premises logs, and store the logs in an S3 bucket in a central account. Build an Amazon EMR cluster to reduce the logs and derive the root cause.
B. Collect system logs and application logs by using the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent. Use the Amazon S3 API to import on-premises logs. Store all logs in S3 buckets in individual accounts. Use Amazon Macie to write a query to search for the required specific event-related data point.
C. Collect system logs and application logs using the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent. Install the CloudWatch Logs agent on the on-premises servers. Transfer all logs from AWS to the on-premises data center. Use an Amazon Elasticsearch Logstash Kibana stack to analyze logs on premises.
D. Collect system logs and application logs by using the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent. Install a CloudWatch Logs agent for on-premises resources. Store all logs in an S3 bucket in a central account. Set up an Amazon S3 trigger and an AWS Lambda function to analyze incoming logs and automatically identify anomalies. Use Amazon Athena to run ad hoc queries on the logs in the central account.

Ans D. + A maybe cost due to EMR
       + B is not central log
       + C moving log to premises is not good idea

# Question #47
A DevOps Engineer is building a continuous deployment pipeline for a serverless application using AWS CodePipeline and AWS CodeBuild. The source, build, and test stages have been created with the deploy stage remaining. The company wants to reduce the risk of an unsuccessful deployment by deploying to a specified subset of customers and monitoring prior to a full release to all customers.
How should the deploy stage be configured to meet these requirements?

A. Use AWS CloudFormation to publish a new version on every stack update. Then set up a CodePipeline approval action for a Developer to test and approve the new version. Finally, use a CodePipeline invoke action to update an AWS Lambda function to use the production alias
B. Use CodeBuild to use the AWS CLI to update the AWS Lambda function code, then publish a new version of the function and update the production alias to point to the new version of the function.
C. Use AWS CloudFormation to define the serverless application and AWS CodeDeploy to deploy the AWS Lambda functions using DeploymentPreference: . Canary10Percent15Minutes
D. Use AWS CloudFormation to publish a new version on every stack update. Use the RoutingConfig property of the AWS::Lambda::Alias resource to update the traffic routing during the stack update.

Ans: D

# Question #48
A DevOps Engineer must track the health of a stateless RESTful service sitting behind a Classic Load Balancer. The deployment of new application revisions is through a Cl/CD pipeline. If the service's latency increases beyond a defined threshold, deployment should be stopped until the service has recovered.
Which of the following methods allow for the QUICKEST detection time?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics provided by Elastic Load Balancing to calculate average latency. Alarm and stop deployment when latency increases beyond the defined threshold.
B. Use AWS Lambda and Elastic Load Balancing access logs to detect average latency. Alarm and stop deployment when latency increases beyond the defined threshold.
C. Use AWS CodeDeploy's MinimumHealthyHosts setting to define thresholds for rolling back deployments. If these thresholds are breached, roll back the deployment.
D. Use Metric Filters to parse application logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create a filter for latency. Alarm and stop deployment when latency increases beyond the defined threshold.

Ans: A
