# Question #5
A company has established tagging and configuration standards for its infrastructure resources running on AWS. A DevOps Engineer is developing a design that will provide a near-real-time dashboard of the compliance posture with the ability to highlight violations.
Which approach meets the stated requirements?

A. Define the resource configurations in AWS Service Catalog, and monitor the AWS Service Catalog compliance and violations in Amazon CloudWatch. Then, set up and share a live CloudWatch dashboard. Set up Amazon SNS notifications for violations and corrections.
B. Use AWS Config to record configuration changes and output the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an Amazon QuickSight analysis of the dataset, and use the information on dashboards and mobile devices.
C. Create a resource group that displays resources with the specified tags and those without tags. Use the AWS Management Console to view compliant and non-compliant resources.
D. Define the compliance and tagging requirements in Amazon inspector. Output the results to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Build a metric filter to isolate the monitored elements of interest and present the data in a CloudWatch dashboard.

Ans: B
Note: The key here is compliance is almost use AWS Config

# Question #6
A production account has a requirement that any Amazon EC2 instance that has been logged into manually must be terminated within 24 hours. All applications in the production account are using Auto Scaling groups with Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent configured.
How can this process be automated?

A. Create a CloudWatch Logs subscription to an AWS Step Functions application. Configure the function to add a tag to the EC2 instance that produced the login event and mark the instance to be decommissioned. Then create a CloudWatch Events rule to trigger a second AWS Lambda function once a day that will terminate all instances with this tag.
B. Create a CloudWatch alarm that will trigger on the login event. Send the notification to an Amazon SNS topic that the Operations team is subscribed to, and have them terminate the EC2 instance within 24 hours.
C. Create a CloudWatch alarm that will trigger on the login event. Configure the alarm to send to an Amazon SQS queue. Use a group of worker instances to process messages from the queue, which then schedules the Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to trigger.
D. Create a CloudWatch Logs subscription in an AWS Lambda function. Configure the function to add a tag to the EC2 instance that produced the login event and mark the instance to be decommissioned. Create a CloudWatch Events rule to trigger a daily Lambda function that terminates all instances with this tag.

Ans: D
It seem like only solution that work and automated

# Question #7
A DevOps Engineer is implementing a mechanism for canary testing an application on AWS. The application was recently modified and went through security, unit, and functional testing. The application needs to be deployed on an AutoScaling group and must use a Classic Load Balancer.
Which design meets the requirement for canary testing?

A. Create a different Classic Load Balancer and Auto Scaling group for blue/green environments. Use Amazon Route 53 and create weighted A records on Classic Load Balancer.
B. Create a single Classic Load Balancer and an Auto Scaling group for blue/green environments. Use Amazon Route 53 and create A records for Classic Load Balancer IPs. Adjust traffic using A records.
C. Create a single Classic Load Balancer and an Auto Scaling group for blue/green environments. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the Classic Load Balancer as the origin. Adjust traffic using CloudFront.
D. Create a different Classic Load Balancer and Auto Scaling group for blue/green environments. Create an Amazon API Gateway with a separate stage for the Classic Load Balancer. Adjust traffic by giving weights to this stage.

Ans: A
With route53, to implement canary testing, almost using weighted route

# Question #8
An online retail company based in the United States plans to expand its operations to Europe and Asia in the next six months. Its product currently runs on
Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. All data is stored in an Amazon Aurora database instance.
When the product is deployed in multiple regions, the company wants a single product catalog across all regions, but for compliance purposes, its customer information and purchases must be kept in each region.
How should the company meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of application changes?

A. Use Amazon Redshift for the product catalog and Amazon DynamoDB tables for the customer information and purchases.
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables for the product catalog and regional tables for the customer information and purchases
C. Use Aurora with read replicas for the product catalog and additional local Aurora instances in each region for the customer information and purchases.
D. Use Aurora for the product catalog and Amazon DynamoDB global tables for the customer information and purchases.

Ans: C
To apply other option, schema must change, Aurora also has option global database, so it's solution
