# Question #9
A company has several AWS accounts. The accounts are shared and used across multiple teams globally, primarily for Amazon EC2 instances. Each EC2 instance has tags for team, environment, and cost center to ensure accurate cost allocations.
How should a DevOps Engineer help the teams audit their costs and automate infrastructure cost optimization across multiple shared environments and accounts?

A. Set up a scheduled script on the EC2 instances to report utilization and store the instances in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create a dashboard in Amazon QuickSight with DynamoDB as the source data to find underutilized instances. Set up triggers from Amazon QuickSight in AWS Lambda to reduce underutilized instances.
B. Create a separate Amazon CloudWatch dashboard for EC2 instance tags based on cost center, environment, and team, and publish the instance tags out using unique links for each team. For each team, set up a CloudWatch Events rule with the CloudWatch dashboard as the source, and set up a trigger to initiate an AWS Lambda function to reduce underutilized instances.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule with AWS Trusted Advisor as the source for low utilization EC2 instances. Trigger an AWS Lambda function that filters out reported data based on tags for each team, environment, and cost center, and store the Lambda function in Amazon S3. Set up a second trigger to initiate a Lambda function to reduce underutilized instances.
D. Use AWS Systems Manager to track instance utilization and report underutilized instances to Amazon CloudWatch. Filter data in CloudWatch based on tags for team, environment, and cost center. Set up triggers from CloudWatch into AWS Lambda to reduce underutilized instances

Ans: C
There are something fun here, QuickSight cannot set up with source as DynamoDB, Trusted Advisor seem is the quick way to find out the resources underutilized

# Question #10
A company has a hybrid architecture solution in which some legacy systems remain on-premises, while a specific cluster of servers is moved to AWS. The company cannot reconfigure the legacy systems, so the cluster nodes must have a fixed hostname and local IP address for each server that is part of the cluster.
The DevOps Engineer must automate the configuration for a six-node cluster with high availability across three Availability Zones (AZs), placing two elastic network interfaces in a specific subnet for each AZ. Each node's hostname and local IP address should remain the same between reboots or instance failures.
Which solution involves the LEAST amount of effort to automate this task?

A. Create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application and a specific environment for each server of the cluster. For each environment, give the hostname, elastic network interface, and AZ as input parameters. Use the local health agent to name the instance and attach a specific elastic network interface based on the current environment.
B. Create a reusable AWS CloudFormation template to manage an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a minimum size of 1 and a maximum size of 1. Give the hostname, elastic network interface, and AZ as stack parameters. Use those parameters to set up an EC2 instance with EC2 Auto Scaling and a user data script to attach to the specific elastic network interface. Use CloudFormation nested stacks to nest the template six times for a total of six nodes needed for the cluster, and deploy using the master template.
C. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table with the list of hostnames subnets, and elastic network interfaces to be used. Create a single AWS CloudFormation template to manage an Auto Scaling group with a minimum size of 6 and a maximum size of 6. Create a programmatic solution that is installed in each instance that will lock/release the assignment of each hostname and local IP address, depending on the subnet in which a new instance will be launched.
D. Create a reusable AWS CLI script to launch each instance individually, which will name the instance, place it in a specific AZ, and attach a specific elastic network interface. Monitor the instances and in the event of failure, replace the missing instance manually by running the script again.

Ans: B
Seem most resonable

# Question #11
An education company has a Docker-based application running on multiple Amazon EC2 instances in an Amazon ECS cluster. When deploying a new version of the application, the Developer, pushes a new image to a private Docker container registry, and then stops and starts all tasks to ensure that they all have the latest version of the application. The Developer discovers that the new tasks are occasionally running with an old image.
How can this issue be prevented?

A. After pushing the new image, restart ECS Agent, and then start the tasks.
B. Use "latest" for the Docker image tag in the task definition.
C. Update the digest on the task definition when pushing the new image.
D. Use Amazon ECR for a Docker container registry.

Ans: C

The problem here is docker get image with tag latest from cache, so don't you latest as tag, specified which digest will use to deployment

# Quest #12
A financial institution provides security-hardened AMIs of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.4 and Windows Server 2016 for its application teams to use in deployments.
A DevOps Engineer needs to implement an automated daily check of each AMI to monitor for the latest CVE.
How should the Engineer implement these checks using Amazon Inspector?

A. Install the Amazon Inspector agent in each AMI. Configure AWS Step Functions to launch an Amazon EC2 instance for each operating system from the hardened AMI, and tag the instance with SecurityCheck: True. Once EC2 instances have booted up, Step Functions will trigger an Amazon Inspector assessment for all instances with the tag SecurityCheck: True. Implement a scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that triggers Step Functions once each day.
B. Tag each AMI with SecurityCheck: True. Configure AWS Step Functions to first compose an Amazon Inspector assessment template for all AMIs that have the tag SecurityCheck: True and second to make a call to the Amazon Inspector API action StartAssessmentRun. Implement a scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that triggers Step Functions once each day.
C. Tag each AMI with SecurityCheck: True. Implement a scheduled Amazon Inspector assessment to run once each day for all AMIs with the tag SecurityCheck: True. Amazon Inspector should automatically launch an Amazon EC2 instance for each AMI and perform a security assessment.
D. Tag each instance with SecurityCheck: True. Implement a scheduled Amazon Inspector assessment to run once each day for all instances with the tag SecurityCheck: True. Amazon Inspector should automatically perform an in-place security assessment for each AMI.

Ans: A
B. Inspector template alllow for tagging EC2 instances, not AMI
C. Inspector cannot run instances
D. Inspect cannot run on AMI, it runs on EC2 instance
