# Question #13
A Development team uses AWS CodeCommit for source code control. Developers apply their changes to various feature branches and create pull requests to move those changes to the master branch when they are ready for production. A direct push to the master branch should not be allowed. The team applied the
AWS managed policy AWSCodeCommitPowerUser to the Developers' IAM Rote, but now members are able to push to the master branch directly on every repository in the AWS account.
What actions should be taken to restrict this?

A. Create an additional policy to include a deny rule for the codecommit:GitPush action, and include a restriction for the specific repositories in the resource statement with a condition for the master reference.
B. Remove the IAM policy and add an AWSCodeCommitReadOnly policy. Add an allow rule for the codecommit:GitPush action for the specific repositories in the resource statement with a condition for the master reference.
C. Modify the IAM policy and include a deny rule for the codecommit:GitPush action for the specific repositories in the resource statement with a condition for the master reference.
D. Create an additional policy to include an allow rule for the codecommit:GitPush action and include a restriction for the specific repositories in the resource statement with a condition for the feature branches reference.

Ans: A
The AWSCodeCommitPowerUser allow all action, but it's AWS managed policy, so it cannot modified, the options here is create other and then add it to user policy

# Question #14
A Developer is designing a continuous deployment workflow for a new Development team to facilitate the process for source code promotion in AWS. Developers would like to store and promote code for deployment from development to production while maintaining the ability to roll back that deployment if it fails.
Which design will incur the LEAST amount of downtime?

A. Create one repository in AWS CodeCommit. Create a development branch to hold merged changes. Use AWS CodeBuild to build and test the code stored in the development branch triggered on a new commit. Merge to the master and deploy to production by using AWS CodeDeploy for a blue/green deployment.
B. Create one repository for each Developer in AWS CodeCommit and another repository to hold the production code. Use AWS CodeBuild to merge development and production repositories, and deploy to production by using AWS CodeDeploy for a blue/green deployment.
C. Create one repository for development code in AWS CodeCommit and another repository to hold the production code. Use AWS CodeBuild to merge development and production repositories, and deploy to production by using AWS CodeDeploy for a blue/green deployment.
D. Create a shared Amazon S3 bucket for the Development team to store their code. Set up an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to trigger an AWS Lambda function that deploys the code to production by using AWS CodeDeploy for a blue/green deployment.

Ans: D
This question is not two clear but still considering, because without pipeline, cannot use CodeCommit as source for CodeDeploy

# Question #15
A DevOps Engineer discovered a sudden spike in a website's page load times and found that a recent deployment occurred. A brief diff of the related commit shows that the URL for an external API call was altered and the connecting port changed from 80 to 443. The external API has been verified and works outside the application. The application logs show that the connection is now timing out, resulting in multiple retries and eventual failure of the call.
Which debug steps should the Engineer take to determine the root cause of the issue?

A. Check the VPC Flow Logs looking for denies originating from Amazon EC2 instances that are part of the web Auto Scaling group. Check the ingress security group rules and routing rules for the VPC.
B. Check the existing egress security group rules and network ACLs for the VPC. Also check the application logs being written to Amazon CloudWatch Logs for debug information.
C. Check the egress security group rules and network ACLs for the VPC. Also check the VPC flow logs looking for accepts originating from the web Auto Scaling group.
D. Check the application logs being written to Amazon CloudWatch Logs for debug information. Check the ingress security group rules and routing rules for the VPC.

Ans: B
A: Ingress of security group isn't make sense
C: May we should look at the reject instead of accepts
D. No need to check ingress rule

# Question #16
An Engineering team manages a Node.js e-commerce application. The current environment consists of the following components: "¢ Amazon S3 buckets for storing content "¢ Amazon EC2 for the front-end web servers "¢ AWS Lambda for executing image processing "¢ Amazon DynamoDB for storing session-related data
The team expects a significant increase in traffic to the site. The application should handle the additional load without interruption. The team ran initial tests by adding new servers to the EC2 front-end to handle the larger load, but the instances took up to 20 minutes to become fully configured. The team wants to reduce this configuration time.
What changes will the Engineering team need to implement to make the solution the MOST resilient and highly available while meeting the expected increase in demand?
A. Use AWS OpsWorks to automatically configure each new EC2 instance as it is launched. Configure the EC2 instances by using an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer across multiple Availability Zones. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Auto Scaling. Use Amazon Route 53 to point the application DNS record to the Application Load Balancer.
B. Deploy a fleet of EC2 instances, doubling the current capacity, and place them behind an Application Load Balancer. Increase the Amazon DynamoDB read and write capacity units. Add an alias record that contains the Application Load Balancer endpoint to the existing Amazon Route 53 DNS record that points to the application.
C. Configure Amazon CloudFront and have its origin point to Amazon S3 to host the web application. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Auto Scaling. Use Amazon Route 53 to point the application DNS record to the CloudFront DNS name.
D. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk with a custom AMI including all web components. Deploy the platform by using an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer across multiple Availability Zones. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Auto Scaling. Use Amazon Route 53 to point the application DNS record to the Elastic Beanstalk load balancer.

Ans: D helps reduce booting time
