# Question #17
A DevOps Engineer is working on a project that is hosted on Amazon Linux and has failed a security review. The DevOps Manager has been asked to review the company buildspec.yaml file for an AWS CodeBuild project and provide recommendations. The buildspec.yaml file is configured as follows:
...

What changes should be recommended to comply with AWS security best practices? (Select THREE.)
A. Add a post-build command to remove the temporary files from the container before termination to ensure they cannot be seen by other CodeBuild users.
B. Update the CodeBuild project role with the necessary permissions and then remove the AWS credentials from the environment variable.
C. Store the DB_PASSWORD as a SecureString value in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store and then remove the DB_PASSWORD from the environment variables.
D. Move the environment variables to the "˜db-deploy-bucket' Amazon S3 bucket, add a prebuild stage to download, then export the variables.
E. Use AWS Systems Manager run command versus scp and ssh commands directly to the instance.
F. Scramble the environment variables using XOR followed by Base64, add a section to install, and then run XOR and Base64 to the build phase.

Ans: BCE
# Question #18
A Development team is building more than 40 applications. Each app is a three-tiered web application based on an ELB Application Load Balancer, Amazon EC2, and Amazon RDS. Because the applications will be used internally, the Security team wants to allow access to the 40 applications only from the corporate network and block access from external IP addresses. The corporate network reaches the internet through proxy servers. The proxy servers have 12 proxy IP addresses that are being changed one or two times per month. The Network Infrastructure team manages the proxy servers; they upload the file that contains the latest proxy
IP addresses into an Amazon S3 bucket. The DevOps Engineer must build a solution to ensure that the applications are accessible from the corporate network.
Which solution achieves these requirements with MINIMAL impact to application development, MINIMAL operational effort, and the LOWEST infrastructure cost?

A. Implement an AWS Lambda function to read the list of proxy IP addresses from the S3 object and to update the ELB security groups to allow HTTPS only from the given IP addresses. Configure the S3 bucket to invoke the Lambda function when the object is updated. Save the IP address list to the S3 bucket when they are changed.
B. Ensure that all the applications are hosted in the same Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). Otherwise, consolidate the applications into a single VPC. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection with an active/standby configuration. Change the ELB security groups to allow only inbound HTTPS connections from the corporate network IP addresses.
C. Implement a Python script with the AWS SDK for Python (Boto), which downloads the S3 object that contains the proxy IP addresses, scans the ELB security groups, and updates them to allow only HTTPS inbound from the given IP addresses. Launch an EC2 instance and store the script in the instance. Use a cron job to execute the script daily.
D. Enable ELB security groups to allow HTTPS inbound access from the Internet. Use Amazon Cognito to integrate the company's Active Directory as the identity provider. Change the 40 applications to integrate with Amazon Cognito so that only company employees can log into the application. Save the user access logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs to record user access activities

Ans: A

# Question 19
A company is implementing AWS CodePipeline to automate its testing process. The company wants to be notified when the execution state fails and used the following custom event pattern in Amazon CloudWatch:

```json
{
  "source": ["aws.codepipeline"],
  "detail-type": ["CodePipeline Action Execution Change"],
  "detail": {
    "state": ["FAILED"],
    "type": {
      "category": ["Approval"]
    }
  }
}
```

Which type of events will match this event pattern?
A. Failed deploy and build actions across all the pipelines.
B. All rejected or failed approval actions across all the pipelines.
C. All the events across all pipelines.
D. Approval actions across all the pipelines.

Ans: B

# Question 20
A company is using several AWS CloudFormation templates for deploying infrastructure as code. In most of the deployments, the company uses Amazon EC2
Auto Scaling groups. A DevOps Engineer needs to update the AMIs for the Auto Scaling group in the template if newer AMIs are available.
How can these requirements be met?

A. Manage the AMI mappings in the CloudFormation template. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events for detecting new AMIs and updating the mapping in the template. Reference the map in the launch configuration resource block.
B. Use conditions in the AWS CloudFormation template to check if new AMIs are available and return the AMI ID. Reference the returned AMI ID in the launch configuration resource block.
C. Use an AWS Lambda-backed custom resource in the template to fetch the AMI IDs. Reference the returned AMI ID in the launch configuration resource block.
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 m4.small instance and run a script on it to check for new AMIs. If new AMIs are available, the script should update the launch configuration resource block with the new AMI ID.

Ans: C
