# Question 21
A DevOps Engineer administers an application that manages video files for a video production company. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Data is stored in an Amazon RDS PostgreSQL
Multi-AZ DB instance, and the video files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. On a typical day, 50 GB of new video are added to the S3 bucket. The Engineer must implement a multi-region disaster recovery plan with the least data loss and the lowest recovery times. The current application infrastructure is already described using AWS CloudFormation.
Which deployment option should the Engineer choose to meet the uptime and recovery objectives for the system?

A. Launch the application from the CloudFormation template in the second region, which sets the capacity of the Auto Scaling group to 1. Create an Amazon RDS read replica in the second region. In the second region, enable cross-region replication between the original S3 bucket and a new S3 bucket. To fail over, promote the read replica as master. Update the CloudFormation stack and increase the capacity of the Auto Scaling group.
B. Launch the application from the CloudFormation template in the second region, which sets the capacity of the Auto Scaling group to 1. Create a scheduled task to take daily Amazon RDS cross-region snapshots to the second region. In the second region, enable cross-region replication between the original S3 bucket and Amazon Glacier. In a disaster, launch a new application stack in the second region and restore the database from the most recent snapshot.
C. Launch the application from the CloudFormation template in the second region which sets the capacity of the Auto Scaling group to 1. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to schedule a nightly task to take a snapshot of the database, copy the snapshot to the second region, and replace the DB instance in the second region from the snapshot. In the second region, enable cross-region replication between the original S3 bucket and a new S3 bucket. To fail over, increase the capacity of the Auto Scaling group.
D. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to schedule a nightly task to take a snapshot of the database and copy the snapshot to the second region. Create an AWS Lambda function that copies each object to a new S3 bucket in the second region in response to S3 event notifications. In the second region, launch the application from the CloudFormation template and restore the database from the most recent snapshot.

Ans: A

# Question #22
A social networking service runs a web API that allows its partners to search public posts. Post data is stored in Amazon DynamoDB and indexed by AWS
Lambda functions, with an Amazon ES domain storing the indexes and providing search functionality to the application.
The service needs to maintain full capacity during deployments and ensure that failed deployments do not cause downtime or reduced capacity, or prevent subsequent deployments.
How can these requirements be met? (Select TWO )

A. Run the web application in AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the deployment policy set to All at Once. Deploy the Lambda functions, DynamoDB tables, and Amazon ES domain with an AWS CloudFormation template.
B. Deploy the web application, Lambda functions, DynamoDB tables, and Amazon ES domain in an AWS CloudFormation template. Deploy changes with an AWS CodeDeploy in-place deployment.
C. Run the web application in AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the deployment policy set to Immutable. Deploy the Lambda functions, DynamoDB tables, and Amazon ES domain with an AWS CloudFormation template.
D. Deploy the web application, Lambda functions, DynamoDB tables, and Amazon ES domain in an AWS CloudFormation template. Deploy changes with an AWS CodeDeploy blue/green deployment.
E. Run the web application in AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the deployment policy set to Rolling. Deploy the Lambda functions, DynamoDB tables, and Amazon ES domain with an AWS CloudFormation template.

Ans: CD
A: All at once will cause downtime
B: Inplace deployment also cause downtime
E: Rolling deployment will reduced capacity

# Question 23
A media customer has several thousand amazon EC2 instances in an AWS account. The customer is using a Slack channel for team communications and important updates. A DevOps Engineer was told to send all AWS-scheduled EC2 maintenance notifications to the company Slack channel.
Which method should the Engineer use to implement this process in the LEAST amount of steps?

A. Integrate AWS Trusted Advisor with AWS Config. Based on the AWS Config rules created, the AWS Config event can invoke an AWS Lambda function to send notifications to the Slack channel.
B. Integrate AWS Personal Health Dashboard with Amazon CloudWatch Events. Based on the CloudWatch Events created, the event can invoke an AWS Lambda function to send notifications to the Slack channel.
C. Integrate EC2 events with Amazon CloudWatch monitoring. Based on the CloudWatch Alarm created, the alarm can invoke an AWS Lambda function to send EC2 maintenance notifications to the Slack channel.
D. Integrate AWS Support with AWS CloudTrail. Based on the CloudTrail lookup event created, the event can invoke an AWS Lambda function to pass EC2 maintenance notifications to the Slack channel.

Ans: B

# Question #24
After conducting a disaster recovery exercise, an Enterprise Architect discovers that a large team of Database and Storage Administrators need more than seven hours of manual effort to make a flagship application's database functional in a different AWS Region. The Architect also discovers that the recovered database is often missing as much as two hours of data transactions.
Which solution provides improved RTO and RPO in a cross-region failover scenario?

A. Deploy an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ instance backed by a multi-region Amazon EFS. Configure the RDS option group to enable multi-region availability for native automation of cross-region recovery and continuous data replication. Create an Amazon SNS topic subscribed to RDS-impacted events to send emails to the Database Administration team when significant query Latency is detected in a single Availability Zone.
B. Use Amazon SNS topics to receive published messages from Amazon RDS availability and backup events. Use AWS Lambda for three separate functions with calls to Amazon RDS to snapshot a database instance, create a cross-region snapshot copy, and restore an instance from a snapshot. Use a scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Events rule at a frequency matching the RPO to trigger the Lambda function to snapshot a database instance. Trigger the Lambda function to create a cross-region snapshot copy when the SNS topic for backup events receives a new message. Configure the Lambda function to restore an instance from a snapshot to trigger sending new messages published to the availability SNS topic.
C. Create a scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to make a call to Amazon RDS to create a snapshot from a database instance and specify a frequency to match the RPO. Create an AWS Step Functions task to call Amazon RDS to perform a cross-region snapshot copy into the failover region, and configure the state machine to execute the task when the RDS snapshot create state is complete. Create an SNS topic subscribed to RDS availability events, and push these messages to an Amazon SQS queue located in the failover region. Configure an Auto Scaling group of worker nodes to poll the queue for new messages and make a call to Amazon RDS to restore a database from a snapshot after a checksum on the cross-region copied snapshot returns valid.
D. Use Amazon RDS scheduled instance lifecycle events to create a snapshot and specify a frequency to match the RPO. Use Amazon RDS scheduled instance lifecycle event configuration to perform a cross-region snapshot copy into the failover region upon SnapshotCreateComplete events. Configure Amazon CloudWatch to alert when the CloudWatch RDS namespace CPUUtilization metric for the database instance falls to 0% and make a call to Amazon RDS to restore the database snapshot in the failover region.

Ans: B
