# Question #29
A company must ensure consistent behavior of an application running on Amazon Linux in its corporate ecosystem before moving into AWS. The company has an existing automated server build system using VMware. The goal is to demonstrate the functionality of the application and its prerequisites on the new target operating system.
The DevOps Engineer needs to use the existing corporate server pipeline and virtualization software to create a server image. The server image will be tested on- premises to resemble the build on Amazon EC2 as closely as possible.
How can this be accomplished?

A. Download and integrate the latest ISO of CentOS 7 and execute the application deployment on the resulting server.
B. Launch an Amazon Linux AMI using an AWS OpsWorks deployment agent onto the on-premises infrastructure, then execute the application deployment.
C. Build an EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux operating system, and use the AWS Import/Export service to export the EC2 image to a VMware ISO in Amazon S3. Then import the resulting ISO onto the on-premises system.
D. Download and integrate the latest ISO of Amazon Linux 2 and execute the application deployment on the resulting server. Confirm that operating system testing results are consistent with EC2 operating system behavior.

Ans: **

# Question #30

A Development team is adding a new country to an e-commerce application. This addition requires that new application features be added to the shipping component of the application. The team has not decided if all new features should be added, as some will take approximately six weeks to build. While the final decision on the shipping component features is being made, other team members are continuing to work on other features of the application.
Based on this situation, how should the application feature deployments be managed?
A. Add the code updates as commits to the release branch. The team can delay the deployment until all features are ready.
B. Add the code updates as commits to a feature branch. Merge the commits to a release branch as features are ready.
C. Add the code updates as a single commit when a feature is ready. Tag this commit with "new-country."
D. Create a new repository named "new-country". Commit all the code changes to the new repository.

Ans: B

# Question #31
A DevOps Engineer is asked to implement a strategy for deploying updates to a web application with zero downtime. The application infrastructure is defined in
AWS CloudFormation and is made up of an Amazon Route 53 record, an Application Load Balancer, Amazon EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group, and
Amazon DynamoDB tables. To avoid downtime, there must be an active instance serving the application at all times.
Which strategies will ensure the deployment happens with zero downtime? (Select TWO.)

A. In the CloudFormation template, modify the AWS::AutoScaling::AutoscalingGroup resource and add an UpdatePolicy attribute to define the required elements for a deployment with zero downtime.
B. In the CloudFormation template, modify the AWS:: AutoScaling::DeploymentUpdates resource and add an UpdatePolicy attribute to define the required elements for a deployment with zero downtime.
C. Add a new Application Load Balancer and Auto Scaling group to the CloudFormation template. Deploy new changes to the inactive Auto Scaling group. Use Route 53 to change the active Application Load Balancer.
D. Add a new Application Load Balancer and Auto Scaling group to the CloudFormation template. Modify the AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup resource and add an UpdatePolicy attribute to perform rolling updates.
E. In the CloudFormation template, modify the UpdatePolicy attribute for the CloudFormation stack and specify the Auto Scaling group that will be updated. Configure MinSuccessfulInstancesPercent and PauseTime to ensure the deployment happens with zero downtime.

Ans: A C

# Question #32
A DevOps Engineer must create a Linux AMI in an automated fashion. The newly created AMI identification must be stored in a location where other build pipelines can access the new identification programmatically
What is the MOST cost-effective way to do this?

A. Build a pipeline in AWS CodePipeline to download and save the latest operating system Open Virtualization Format (OVF) image to an Amazon S3 bucket, then customize the image using the guestfish utility. Use the virtual machine (VM) import command to convert the OVF to an AMI, and store the AMI identification output as an AWS Systems Manager parameter.
B. Create an AWS Systems Manager automation document with values instructing how the image should be created. Then build a pipeline in AWS CodePipeline to execute the automation document to build the AMI when triggered. Store the AMI identification output as a Systems Manager parameter.
C. Build a pipeline in AWS CodePipeline to take a snapshot of an Amazon EC2 instance running the latest version of the application. Then start a new EC2 instance from the snapshot and update the running instance using an AWS Lambda function. Take a snapshot of the updated instance, then convert it to an AMI. Store the AMI identification output in an Amazon DynamoDB table.
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance and install Packer. Then configure a Packer build with values defining how the image should be created. Build a Jenkins pipeline to invoke the Packer build when triggered to build an AMI. Store the AMI identification output in an Amazon DynamoDB table.

Ans: B
