# Question #33
An application is being deployed with two Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups, each configured with an Application Load Balancer. The application is deployed to one of the Auto Scaling groups and an Amazon Route 53 alias record is pointed to the Application Load Balancer of the last deployed Auto Scaling group.
Deployments alternate between the two Auto Scaling groups.
Home security devices are making requests into the application. The Development team notes that new requests are coming into the old stack days after the deployment. The issue is caused by devices that are not observing the Time to Live (TTL) setting on the Amazon Route 53 alias record.
What steps should the DevOps Engineer take to address the issue with requests coming to the old stacks, while creating minimal additional resources?

A. Create a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances running HAProxy behind an Application Load Balancer. The HAProxy instances will proxy the requests to one of the existing Auto Scaling groups. After a deployment the HAProxy instances are updated to send requests to the newly deployed Auto Scaling group.
B. Reduce the application to one Application Load Balancer. Create two target groups named Blue and Green. Create a rule on the Application Load Balancer pointed to a single target group. Add logic to the deployment to update the Application Load Balancer rule to the target group of the newly deployed Auto Scaling group.
C. Move the application to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application with two environments. Perform new deployments on the non-live environment. After a deployment, perform an Elastic Beanstalk CNAME swap to make the newly deployed environment the live environment.
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the two existing Application Load Balancers as origins on the distribution. After a deployment, update the CloudFront distribution behavior to send requests to the newly deployed Auto Scaling group.

Ans: B

# Question #34
A company has microservices running in AWS Lambda that read data from Amazon DynamoDB. The Lambda code is manually deployed by Developers after successful testing. The company now needs the tests and deployments be automated and run in the cloud. Additionally, traffic to the new versions of each microservice should be incrementally shifted over time after deployment.
What solution meets all the requirements, ensuring the MOST developer velocity?

A. Create an AWS CodePipeline configuration and set up a post-commit hook to trigger the pipeline after tests have passed. Use AWS CodeDeploy and create a Canary deployment configuration that specifies the percentage of traffic and interval.
B. Create an AWS CodeBuild configuration that triggers when the test code is pushed. Use AWS CloudFormation to trigger an AWS CodePipeline configuration that deploys the new Lambda versions and specifies the traffic shift percentage and interval.
C. Create an AWS CodePipeline configuration and set up the source code step to trigger when code is pushed. Set up the build step to use AWS CodeBuild to run the tests. Set up an AWS CodeDeploy configuration to deploy, then select the CodeDeployDefault.LambdaLinear10PercentEvery3Minutes option.
D. Use the AWS CLI to set up a post-commit hook that uploads the code to an Amazon S3 bucket after tests have passed. Set up an S3 event trigger that runs a Lambda function that deploys the new version. Use an interval in the Lambda function to deploy the code over time at the required percentage.

Ans: C

# Question #35
A company is using an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy web applications. The template requires that manual changes be made for each of the three major environments: production, staging, and development. The current sprint includes the new implementation and configuration of AWS CodePipeline for automated deployments.
What changes should the DevOps Engineer make to ensure that the CloudFormation template is reusable across multiple pipelines?

A. Use a CloudFormation custom resource to query the status of the CodePipeline to determine which environment is launched. Dynamically alter the launch configuration of the Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Set up a CodePipeline pipeline for each environment to use input parameters. Use CloudFormation mappings to switch associated UserData for the Amazon EC2 instances to match the environment being launched.
C. Set up a CodePipeline pipeline that has multiple stages, one for each development environment. Use AWS Lambda functions to trigger CloudFormation deployments to dynamically alter the UserData of the Amazon EC2 instances launched in each environment.
D. Use CloudFormation input parameters to dynamically alter the LaunchConfiguration and UserData sections of each Amazon EC2 instance every time the CloudFormation stack is updated.

Ans: B. Just looks like simplest step: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/continuous-delivery-codepipeline-parameter-override-functions.html

# Question #36

An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. Amazon RDS MySOL is used on the backend. The instances run in an Auto
Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Application Load Balancer health check ensures the web servers are operating and able to make read/write
SQL connections. Amazon Route 53 provides DNS functionality with a record pointing to the Application Load Balancer. A new policy requires a geographically isolated disaster recovery site with an RTO of 4 hours and an RPO of 15 minutes.
Which disaster recovery strategy will require the LEAST amount of changes to the application stack?
A. Launch a replica stack of everything except RDS in a different Availability Zone. Create an RDS read-only replica in a new Availability Zone and configure the new stack to point to the local RDS instance. Add the new stack to the Route 53 record set with a failover routing policy.
B. Launch a replica stack of everything except RDS in a different region. Create an RDS read-only replica in a new region and configure the new stack to point to the local RDS instance. Add the new stack to the Route 53 record set with a latency routing policy.
C. Launch a replica stack of everything except RDS in a different region. Upon failure, copy the snapshot over from the primary region to the disaster recovery region. Adjust the Amazon Route 53 record set to point to the disaster recovery region's Application Load Balancer.
D. Launch a replica stack of everything except RDS in a different region. Create an RDS read-only replica in a new region and configure the new stack to point to the local RDS instance. Add the new stack to the Amazon Route 53 record set with a failover routing policy.

Ans: D, A is in the same Availability Zone so it is the same region.
